This TODO file is notoriously out of date, especially now that I got my Palm
IIIx. :-)  -- Alexios


DONE:
cookie engine
log out stuff
debug statd
remsys: EVENT
event manager
bbsd: event handling
blad: event handling
DLL bbslib
install ttysnoop, remove emulation
shutdown event
bbstelnet (bbslogin through TCP/IP)
check bbslogin for telnet bugs
remsys user emulation
default initial language in CHANNELS
emud: properly remove stale user locks
/bbs/online robustness, CRITICAL
remove all getenv("CHANNEL") done as !root, security risk
alloc emupty in user online info; use emupty, channel instead of env-vars.
signup: don't display password
signup: put user in bbs group
baud strings for telnet
bbslogin telnet specific code: different prompts, etc
7/8 bit, greek/grkconv flags, and support
7/8 bit, greek/grkconv flag defaults in CHANNELS
7/8 bit, greek/grkconv flag questions in account
7/8 bit, greek/grkconv flag questions in signup
cleanup: BBS statistics
user deletion script
remsys telnet specific code
cleanup: user cleanup
bug: modem line BAUD always shows as 38400
bug: can't emulate modem lines
bug: demographics bug (not all users show on graph)
remsys: remove menu
remsys: smarter interface
line editor
bbsd: fix injoth bug
user xref
callmodule() with /go code
remsys: DETAIL
remsys: EXEMPT
remsys: SUSPEND
remsys: DELETE
remsys: SEND
remsys: SEARCH
remsys: AUDIT
remsys: LOGON
remsys: [STATS]
gcs: /l
remsys: global command
updown: tagged file download before logging out
gcs: /go
gcs: /recent
advanced visual library
full screen editor
bbsmail
netmail daemon
message indexing daemon
hack lib/lock.c to consider locks made by the current process stale
email: enforce max number of carbon copies
updown: auditing and error reporting (thru exit codes?) needed
email: surcharge netmail
email: audit trail entries when uploading
emud: kill zombie process bug
bbsmail: handle autoforwarding and circular references :-)
email: only sysop can set up autoforwarding.
email: encryption for email messages
email: backtracking
email: modify message
email: distribution list configuration
email: database
msgd: what's wrong???
bbslogin: fix double kick-out message
email: distribution of messages
editor: wrap around bug (killing last character in line)
editor: lotsa seggies!!!
editor: TAB key inserts tab. Move reformat key.
bbsd: only bbsd may audit logouts; code this and remove all other logout audits
bbsd: whatever happened to all those kick-out warnings???
check possible bug in calls-per-channel stats code
get signup to send email to/from Sysop for every signup
bbsd: wrong language
remsys: EDITOR command fix (editor removes file when quitting w/o save)
usercleanup: userdel: user %s does not exist
news
clubs: club creation/editing menu
clubs: bbsmail
clubs: msgd
email bug: CANTMOD messages can get deleted!!!
menuman: /Go must reset afterinput
clubs
mail cleanup
remsys/stats: add incoming/outgoing stats
remsys: check detail
remsys: check keys given to sysops
/l: inexistent users
usercleanup
usercleanup: too many open files
remsys/emulate: chat/zap/quit keys don't work!
bbsgetty: nl/cr
cncyesno bug!!!!!!
remsys/blad: hangup schroedinbug
check editor for little bugs (eg block deletion, tab expansion)
editor: make it handle long lines
last login bug at signup
remsys: LOGON command fix to account for editor deleting aborted files
remsys: update TOP command
translation bug while logging in/signing up?
stats: gens a??? gives rubbish
B bbslib chown bug (add >&/dev/null)
B signup, use a script instead of useradd
B telnet hangup signals!
B account preferences: could not open file bug (xxx.root ownership)
B emulate: won't work on telnet lines --> can't reproduce locally
B emulate: keys won't work??? --> can't reproduce locally
B 'kalisilthate' bug :-)
B signup bug, [SIGNUP-$] stays on
Hangup STILL does not always work. Took extremely paranoid measures
B 'zeta' telnet bug, fix a telnet binary
B add 'hidden' option to menuman (@)
THAT DAMNED HANGUP BUG!!! (actually, SIGNUP-only) :-)
B unexempt messages! --> permissions
B cleanup won't
B signup problem
B email loops
B module exit code
B emailclubs database engine broken horribly -- replace
B @ bug
B ^S, ^Q, etc
B stty undef everything at session.script!
B lined bug, grk->latin
B remsys SYSOP command bugs! (adding/removing %s command doesn't)
B email/editor error? permission related
B return receipts can't get deleted --> permissions
B forwarding messages (email? clubs?)
Vised must expand tabs while loading
B vised updates status line too fast for slow modems
B msgidx, convert '@' to 0x7f to avoid '@' bugs without using [!0v command
B editor, kills last character in line??? (can't reproduce)
B ncurses bug, old version of the library???
bbsd: OLF_BUSY | OLF_NOTIMEOUT kill more bbsd counters than they should (WRONG)
B recursive remsys!
teleconferences
teleconferences, plugin support, example plugin
B news, won't show news at login! :-)
B editor in News always cancels
B line editor broken when entering menu
bulletins browser
global: /audit on/off
off-line reader
B overruns in modem communications
B {s,x}{z,x,b} transfers don't return proper exit code
B emailclubs fall over (endless loop) when doing dlbf.
B Comment below holds for all sequences in emailclubs. CHECK MESSAGE NUMBER!!!
B remsys monitor: won't work :-(
B Posting message to a club causes a crash.
B Default club not found when starting
B Get bbslogin to monitorinput() userids as well as passwords
B User XREF: Pap != Papa etc.
B blad dies after hanging up
B emud infinite loop (perms)
B When reading messages and last one is erased, we wrap around to the first one (feature)
B HANGUP without LOGOUT in audit (race conditions?)
B Doesn't send signup email to sysop
B Copying an email message to /Acro is broken.
B Vised is buggered
B Account Setup Preferences ruins current translation
B Tries to CRQC into clubs when reading Email, fails if no Quickscan setup
add field help to cursed bbsdialog sessions
Implement CRC check for redundant mail uploads on a message basis.
B News: resend is incompletely implemented
B Handle backspaces AND deletes in bbsdialog (stty problem)
B Vised freaks out during uploads
B Cooked console at login and yet asking for input
B Login invisibility doesn't work
B Time displays
B ^Z doesn't work in vised (stty problem?)
B Stop BBS timeouts in vised
Audit duplicate logins
/s, /u and x should work in vised too.
B vised: moving a block to the end of itself produces garbage
vised: proper positioning of cursor
B Quoting doesn't in clubs
B Full club list doesn't show year in creation date
B Remsys: blank lines between groups 
B Channel ffffffff thing (make it ff?)
B Channel status list should not display usernames unless issuer owns a specific key.
B AGE/KGwhatever in sysvar.msg: fix config description and behaviour
B rsys_hangup MUST produce audit entry
B New club: op <- creator
B genstats frame is misaligned on time/date line
B New club messages in club logon when there shouln't be any
B Checksup: check phone number length
B Injoth doesn't always work
B Bulletin lists print extra horizontal lines if user has no access to a club
B gdet() doesn't show last connection for new users
B Check registry search command for errors/phonetic search
B Saving prefs in offline.mail causes block size mismatch
B bbbd hangs users up with no provocation???
B account|view stats is broken for new users (no previous connection).
B Print new club after club|select.
Show sex in /p
B remsys|linstats memory display is broken for swap space
B remsys|send can't send to all users
B remsys|emulate doesn't
B: chmod() /bbs/recent files to bbs.bbs (not bbs.root) -- bbsd problem?
B Distribution lists fail on !! and !. lists (try to copy inexistent attachments)
B Distribution lists segfault after !all
B Cleanup won't run (non deterministically?)
notify
remove regd
Make audit flags
Make remsys AUDIT SEARCH command
Make remsys SIGNUPS command (searches for signups)
B ascii download, Ctrl-C, won't work
conversion tools
B clubs, list, won't show year
B file tagging, before relogon
infocom adventure teleplugin/module
files
updown per-file success/fail scripts (for file royalties etc)
ansi editor
info browser
B at-sign mayhem (works everywhere except menuman, files, clubs)

TO DO NOW:
Make remsys REPORT commands
Compile source config files automatically?
B stored pages: won't notify pager (not bug, only lack of feature)
B statd infinite loop when files missing
Autoconfiguration for most things (trees for menuman, etc.).
{ ? Autorefresh for message blocks. If message block date changes, reload it.
{ ? Otherwise, get msgidx to signal all modules with open file to reload it.

TO DO:
BF: kill lock files at LOGIN, too!!!
mailbomb protection (keep CRC of last N messages, don't accept same message
more than M times), drop silently or log error.
email size limit
disk full notifications to Sysop
polls
main console
msg editor
chess teleplugin
backgammon
system minder module (pages sysop about system events like high load, full
disks, etc).

LONG TERM:
installation scripts, a la Slackware preferably
neural net/GA for detecting fake users? :-)
homunculi
databases?
injoth() inside visual tools
bulletins: alter order of articles
